# Got / Want Examples

- [Examples: Integer With No Message](#examples-integer-with-no-message)
- [Examples: Float32 With Unformatted Message](#examples-float32-with-unformatted-message)
- [Examples: String With Formatted Message](#examples-string-with-formatted-message)

[Contents](../../README.md#contents)

## Examples: Integer With No Message

This is the simplest form of a builtin Got/Wnt test.  Just comparing the wanted
value with the gotten value and an error registered if they are not equal.
No additional context information is provided.

<!--- gotomd::file::./integer_with_no_message/example_test.go -->

<!--- gotomd::tst::./integer_with_no_message/package -->

> Here the failing test has its fourth number highlighted as changed while 
the passing test produced no output.

[Contents](../../README.md#contents)

## Examples: Float32 With Unformatted Message

> This example shows the float Got/Wnt test with an unformatted message.  Due to
the nature of floats it is the only builtin type check that includes a
tolerance factor.  If the absolute value of the difference between the got and
want values is less than the tolerance then the two floats will be considered
equivalent.

<!--- gotomd::file::./float32_with_unformatted_message/example_test.go -->

<!--- gotomd::tst::./float32_with_unformatted_message/package -->

> Here the thousandth fractional position is flagged as being out of tolerance
and is highlighted as changed/different while the specific
tolerance value used has been added to the type name.  Finally the
additional unformatted message is displayed just before the GOT: line.

[Contents](../../README.md#contents)

## Examples: String With Formatted Message

This example shows a string Got/Wnt test with a formatted message.

<!--- gotomd::file::./string_with_formatted_message/example_test.go -->

<!--- gotomd::tst::./string_with_formatted_message/package -->

> Here the got string has extra information (extra) not found in the want
string while the want string has missing information (missing) not found 
in the got string.  Then there is a changed area area between the got Go and
the want Wnt.  Finally the additional formatted message is displayed just 
before the GOT: line.

[Contents](../../README.md#contents)
